Hey, there he is. There he is.
What an absolute pleasure.
Welcome.
Oh, goodness gracious. Can we
get the handcuffs off my friend here?
Forgive me, I'm sorry.
I'm such a huge fan of yours.
I didn't want to make a
first impression like this.
He's not an animal. Come on.
He's a human being. Thank you.
Oui, oui.
We're fine.
My name is Justin Hammer.
I'd like to do some
business with you. Please sit.
Dig in.
What do we have today, Jack?
We have some salmon carpaccio.
Salmon carpaccio.
Mmm-mmm.
Anything you want here, we got it.
I like my dessert first.
I had this flown in from San Francisco.
It's Italian, though.
Organic ice cream.
I got a sweet tooth. Apparently
you do, too, for Tony Stark.
What I saw you do to
Tony Stark on that track,
how you stepped up to him
in front of God and everybody,
that was... Wow!
You spoke to me
with what you did.
And I know that you
knew that I'd be listening.
This is why I couldn't bear to have
you shipped off to God knows where.
It would have been
such a waste of talent.
But if I might
make a suggestion,
you know, you don't just
go and try and kill the guy.
I think, if I may, you go after his legacy.
That's what you kill.
You and me, we are a
lot alike in a lot of ways.
The only difference between
you and I is that I have resources.
I think, if I may,
you need my resources.
Someone behind you, a benefactor.
I'd like to be that guy.
Okay. Do you speak English?
Because I can get a translator.
I don't know. Have you been
understanding everything I'm saying?
Very good, man.
Hey! Huh?
Hey.
Yes?
I want my bird.
A bird? You want a bird?
I can get you a bird.
I can get you 10 birds.
I want my bird.
Well, okay.
Nothing's impossible. I could...
Are we talking about...
Is this a bird back in Russia?
Remember when I made you
ride the Cyclone at Coney Island?
Yeah, and I threw up?
This isn't payback, is it?
Now why would I do that?
We were right.
Dr. Zola's on the train.
Hydra dispatcher gave him
permission to open up the throttle.
Wherever he's going,
they must need him bad.
Let's get going, because
they're moving like the devil.
We only got about
a 10-second window.
You miss that window,
we're bugs on a windshield.
Mind the gap.
Better get moving, bugs!
Stop him! Fire again!
- I had him on the ropes.
- I know you did.
Get down!
Fire again!
Kill him! Now!
Bucky!
Hang on!
Grab my hand!
No!
Sit down.
- What is this?
- Steak.
What is in it?
Cow.
Doctor, do you
realize how difficult it is
to get ahold of a prime
cut like that out here?
I don't eat meat.
Why not?
It disagrees with me.
How about cyanide? Does that
give you the rumbly tummy, too?
Every Hydra agent that
we've tried to take alive
has crunched a little pill before
we can stop him. But not you.
So, here is my brilliant theory.
You want to live.
You're trying to
intimidate me, Colonel.
I bought you dinner.
"Given the valuable
information he has provided
"and in exchange for
his full cooperation,
"Dr. Zola is being
remanded to Switzerland"?
I sent that message to
Washington this morning.
Of course, it was encoded.
You guys haven't broken those codes,
have you? That would be awkward.
Schmidt will know this is a lie.
He's going to kill you anyway, Doc.
You're a liability.
You know more about
Schmidt than anyone.
And the last guy you cost us
was Captain Rogers' closest friend,
so I wouldn't count on
the very best of protection.
It's you or Schmidt.
It's just the hand
you've been dealt.
Schmidt believes he walks
in the footsteps of the gods.
Hmm.
Only the world
itself will satisfy him.
You do realize
that's nuts, don't you?
What?
The sanity of the plan
is of no consequence.
- And why is that?
- Because he can do it!
What's his target?
His target
is everywhere.
This is where we do it.
This is my humble abode.
You can work in absolute peace.
Must be fun to be dead, right?
No pressure.
Here they are. I'm very excited.
They're combat-ready.
I may have done a
few miscalculations
and rushed the
prototype into production.
Sue me, I'm enthusiastic.
Go ahead, take a look around.
Oh, you don't wanna do that.
You'll be able to access that
as soon as we generate
some encrypted pass codes.
Can we generate some
encrypted pass codes?
Get some of those
encrypted pass codes, Jack.
Never mind, I...
Wow. Okay. Good stuff.
Sorry?
Software shit.
Uh-huh?
Well...
You're good. You really blasted
in past the firewall there. Uh...
Let me show you where you're
gonna be working primarily.
Go ahead, take a look.
Get a good look at that.
That's something, isn't it?
You know, those are
really just for show and tell.
They're $125.7 million a pop, so...
Wait! Oh, gosh. Uh...
Jesus Christ.
Get somebody up here.
Um, that's where the pilot goes.
I'm having a tough
time finding volunteers.
I'll take care of that,
just leave it.
What you want them do?
Well, long term,
I want them to put me
in the Pentagon for
the next 25 years.
I want to make Iron Man
look like an antique.
I wanna go to that Stark Expo,
I wanna take a dump
in Tony's front yard.
You know what I'm talking about?
I can do that. No problem.
Yeah?
Hey, fabulous! I love it.
Hey, this is our guy.
Didn't I tell you? I had a feeling.
That thing in your chest is
based on unfinished technology.
No, it was finished.
It has never been particularly effective
until I miniaturized it
and put it in my...
No. Howard said the arc reactor
was the stepping stone
to something greater.
He was about to kick off an energy race
that was gonna dwarf the arms race.
He was on to something big,
something so big
that it was gonna
make the nuclear reactor
look like a triple-A battery.
Just him, or was Anton
Vanko in on this, too?
Anton Vanko is the
other side of that coin.
Anton saw it as
a way to get rich.
When your father found out,
he had him deported.
When the Russians found out
he couldn't deliver,
they shipped his ass
off to Siberia
and he spent the next 20 years
in a vodka-fuelled rage.
Not quite the environment
you want to raise a kid in,
the son you had the misfortune
of crossing paths with in Monaco.
You told me I hadn't
tried everything.
What do you mean I haven't tried
everything? What haven't I tried?
He said that you were the only
person with the means and knowledge
to finish what he started.
- He said that?
- Mmm.
Are you that guy? Hmm? Are you?
'Cause if you are, then you
can solve the riddle of your heart.
I don't know where
you get your information,
but he wasn't my biggest fan.
What do you remember
about your dad?
He was cold,
he was calculating.
He never told me he loved me.
He never even
told me he liked me,
so it's a little tough
for me to digest
when you're telling me he said
the whole future was riding on me
and he's passing it down.
I don't get that.
You're talking about a
guy whose happiest day
was when he shipped
me off to boarding school.
That's not true.
Well, then, clearly you knew
my dad better than I did.
As a matter of fact, I did. He was one
of the founding members of S.H.I.E.L.D.
What?
I got a 2:00.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
- What's this?
- Okay, you're good, right?
- No, I'm not good.
- You got this? Right? Right?
Got what? I don't even know
what I'm supposed to get.
Natasha will remain a floater
at Stark with her cover intact.
You remember
Agent Coulson, right?
Yeah.
Oh, and Tony...
Remember,
I got my eye on you.
We've disabled
all communications.
No contact with
the outside world.
Good luck.
Please.
First thing, I need
a little bodywork.
I'll put in a little
time at the lab.
If we could send one of your goon
squad down to The Coffee Bean,
Cross Creek, for
a Starbucks run,
or something like
that, that'd be nice.
I'm not here for that.
I've been authorized by Director Fury
to use any means necessary
to keep you on premises.
If you attempt to leave
or play any games,
I will tase you and
watch Supernanny
while you drool into the carpet.
Okay?
I think I got it, yeah.
Enjoy your evening's
entertainment.
Unbelievable.
This ought to get
the Senate off my ass.
It's functional?
Fully mission-capable.
Good. Get Hammer
down here to weaponize it.
Sir?
Justin Hammer's making a
weapons presentation at the Expo.
We'd like this to introduce it.
Sir, I don't believe
that the Expo...
Colonel, the world
needs to see this fast.
We've got to make this happen.
Yes, General, but...
It's also an order.
Yes, sir.
Good work, Colonel.
You've made your country proud.
Thank you, sir.
Hey, hey, hey.
Special delivery. Candygram.
- I brought you something.
- Oh, yeah.
We got you the bird, pal!
This is not my bird.
What do you mean? That's the bird.
This is the bird. Yeah!
Pulled a lot of strings to get this bird.
This is a great bird.
It's a beautiful bird.
We got this all the
way from Russia.
Hey, man, this not my bird.
Well, listen, even
if it's not the bird,
I mean, this is a gorgeous bird.
I mean, you know, look, don't get
so attached to things. Learn to let go.
Wait a minute.
Jack, what is that?
Is that... That's not a helmet.
What is that?
Um...
Ivan... What's this? Jack.
Is that a helmet?
It doesn't look like a helmet to me.
How... How are you supposed
to get a head in there?
- Jack, could you put your head in there?
- No.
Try to put your head in there.
Go ahead.
See, Ivan? He can't put
his head in there. That's...
That's not a helmet. It's a head.
I need to put a guy in there.
I need to fit a person in
that suit. You understand?
Drone better.
What? Drone better?
Why is drone better?
People make problem.
Trust me. Drone better.
Ivan, you know, I like you.
I got you the bird.
You said, "No problem."
That's what you said to me.
Now I need suits.
The government wants suits.
Like Iron Man. You understand?
That's what the people want.
That's what's gonna make them happy.
Hey, man.
Don't get too attached to things.
Learn to let go.
These drones better
steal the show, Ivan.
You understand?
Better rock my world, Ivan.
Blackout is still in effect
throughout the London area.
Please wait for the all-clear.
Your attention, please. All citizens
shall remain indoors until further notice.
Blackout is still in effect
throughout the London area.
Dr. Erskine said that
the serum wouldn't
just affect my muscles,
it would affect my cells.
Create a protective system
of regeneration and healing.
Which means
I can't get drunk.
Did you know that?
Your metabolism burns four times
faster than the average person.
He thought it could be
one of the side effects.
It wasn't your fault.
- Did you read the report?
- Yes.
Then you know that's not true.
You did everything you could.
Did you believe in your friend?
Did you respect him?
Then stop blaming yourself.
Allow Barnes the
dignity of his choice.
He damn well must have
thought you were worth it.
I'm going after Schmidt.
I'm not gonna stop until all
of Hydra is dead or captured.
You won't be alone.
Johann Schmidt belongs in a bughouse.
He thinks he's a god,
and he's willing to blow
up half the world to prove it,
starting with the USA.
Schmidt's working with
powers beyond our capabilities.
He gets across the Atlantic,
he will wipe out the entire
Eastern Seaboard in an hour.
How much time we got?
According to my new
best friend, under 24 hours.
- Where is he now?
- Hydra's last base is here.
In the Alps, 500 feet
below the surface.
So what are we supposed to do?
I mean, it's not like we can
just knock on the front door.
Why not?
That's exactly what
we're going to do.
Tomorrow,
Hydra will stand
master of the world,
borne to victory on the
wings of the Valkyrie.
Our enemies' weapons
will be powerless against us.
If they shoot down one plane,
hundreds more will
rain fire upon them!
If they cut off one head,
two more shall take its place.
Hail Hydra.
Hail Hydra!
Hail Hydra! Hail Hydra!
Think this is the power source?
Major, this is not a
scientific exercise.
Let's just focus on
arming it, all right?
Yes, sir.
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Is it my birthday?
You got it. What did you do?
What did you do?
Oh!
Is this what I think it is?
Yes, it is.
Hammer, I want to know
what you're gonna do for us.
What am I going to do for you?
Well, the first thing
I'm gonna do for you
is I'm gonna upgrade
your software.
And then, second,
I think I should...
That's not what
I'm talking about.
I'm talking about firepower.
Well, you're talking
to the right guy.
Claridge Hi-Tec,
semi-automatic, 9mm pistol.
Too downtown? I agree.
M24 shotgun, pump action.
Five-round magazine.
You know what? You're not a hunter.
What am I talking about?
I'm getting rid of it.
This is the FN-2000
from Belgium.
They do make something
better than waffles.
It's beautiful, but I can tell
this isn't disco enough for you,
so I'm gonna put it right here.
You're looking at a Milkor
40mm grenade launcher.
Tear gas, smoke.
Hippie control.
You're tough.
Let me tell you something.
Size does matter.
Don't let anyone
tell you different.
This is an M134 7.62 Minigun.
Six individual barrels.
The torso taker, powder maker.
Our boys in uniform
call it Uncle Gazpacho,
or Puff the Magic Dragon.
Okay.
These are the Cubans, baby.
This is the Cohibas, the Montecristos.
This is a kinetic-kill,
side-winder vehicle
with a secondary
cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine RDX burst.
It's capable of busting the bunker
under the bunker you just busted.
If it were any smarter,
it would write a book.
A book that would make Ulysses
look like it was written in crayon.
It would read it to you.
This is my Eiffel Tower.
This is my Rachmaninoff's Third.
My Pieta.
It's completely elegant.
It's bafflingly beautiful.
It's capable of reducing the population
of any standing structure to zero.
I call it the Ex-Wife.
That's the best I got.
Are we gonna do this?
Give me something here.
You're like a sphinx.
I can't read you.
I think I'll take it.
Which one?
All of it.
Everything is achievable
through technology.
Better living, robust health
and for the first time
in human history,
the possibility of world peace.
I'm Howard Stark,
and everything you'll need for
the future can be found right here.
City of the Future?
City of Tomorrow? City of...
I'm Howard Stark,
and everything you'll need in
the future can be found right here.
So, from all of us
at Stark Industries,
I would like to personally...
Tony, what are you doing back there?
What is that? Put that back.
Put it back where
you got it from.
Where's your mother? Maria?
Go on. Go, go, go, go.
All right, I think we got...
I'll... I'll...
I'll come in and...
Are you waiting on me?
So, from all of us
at Stark Industries,
I'd like to personally show you
my ass.
I'd like to...
I can't... This is...
I can't...
We have this, don't we?
This is a ridiculous way...
Everything
is achievable
through technology.
Tony?
You're too young to
understand this right now,
so I thought I would
put it on film for you.
I built this for you.
And someday you'll realize
that it represents a whole lot more
than just people's inventions.
It represents my life's work.
This is the key to the future.
I'm limited by the technology of my
time, but one day you'll figure this out.
And when you do,
you will change the world.
What is and always will
be my greatest creation
is you.
$6. Six.
I don't have any dough.
- Here.
- No, sir, that's too much.
No, it's fine. Take that.
It's fine.
No, senor.
Take it. Take it.
I don't like people handing me things.
If you just drop that
there, that'd be great.
- Are you Iron Man?
- Sometimes.
We believe in you!
It was an illegal seizure
of trademark property.
- Miss Potts?
- Relax.
- Mr. Stark...
- Is here.
- He refuses...
- I don't. It's fine.
I'll just be a second.
Listen, it's our position
that Stark has and
continues to maintain
proprietary ownership
of the Mark II platform.
When Mr. Stark announced
he was indeed Iron Man,
he was making a
promise to America.
No, the suit belongs to us.
We trusted that he
would look out for us.
Yeah, but you're not... Burt...
He obviously did not.
- And now we learn that his secretary...
- Yes, it does.
...a woman named
Virginia "Pepper" Potts,
has been appointed as
CEO of Stark Industries.
What are her qualifications?
No.
Ms. Potts is doing nothing
to manage this terrible...
- Mute.
- No...
Burt... Burt...
Burt, listen to me.
Don't tell me that we have the
best patent lawyers in the country
and then not let me pursue this.
I'll get this stuff out of here.
Well, then, tell the
President to sign an order.
We'll talk about it at the Expo.
Hammer's giving some
presentation tomorrow evening.
Will Tony Stark be there?
Will I?
No, he will not. Bye.
I would like to be.
- Got a minute?
- No.
Come on, you just got off the phone.
You're fine, 30 seconds.
Twenty-nine.
Twenty-eight.
Okay, I, um...
I was just driving over here,
and I thought I was coming to
basically apologize, but I'm not.
Oh, you didn't come
here to apologize?
Look, that goes without saying,
and I'm working on that.
But I haven't been
entirely upfront with you,
and I just want to
try to make good.
Can I move this?
This is crazy.
It's like a Ferris wheel going.
- I'm trying to get some...
- No.
Do you know how short life is?
And if I never got to express...
And by the way, this is somewhat
revelatory to me.
And I don't care...
I mean, I care. It would be nice.
I'm not expecting you to...
Look, here's what I'm trying to say.
I'm just gonna say it.
Let me stop you
right here, okay?
Because if you say
"I" one more time,
I'm gonna actually hurl
something at your head, I think.
I am trying to run a company.
Do you have any
idea what that entails?
Yes.
People are relying on you to be
Iron Man and you've disappeared,
and all I'm doing is putting out
your fires and taking the heat for it.
I am trying to do the job
that you were meant to do.
Did you bring me strawberries?
Did you know that there's only one
thing on Earth that I'm allergic to?
Allergic to strawberries.
Mmm-hmm.
This is progress, Pepper.
I knew there was a correlation
between you and this.
- I need you...
- I need you, too.
That's what I'm trying to...
...to leave now.
Ms. Potts?
Hi, come on in.
Wheels up in 25 minutes.
Thank you.
- Anything else, boss?
- I'm good, Hap.
No, I'll be just...
another minute.
I lost both the kids
in the divorce.
No.
Are you blending in well here, Natalie?
Here at Stark Enterprises?
Your name is Natalie, isn't it?
I thought you two
didn't get along.
No. That's not so.
It's just me you don't care for.
No? Nothing?
Actually, while you're here,
maybe you and Natalie could discuss
the matter of the personal belongings.
Absolutely.
I'm surprised you can
keep your mouth shut.
Boy, you're good. You are mind-blowingly
duplicitous. How do you do it?
You just tear things...
You're a triple impostor.
I've never seen
anything like you.
Is there anything
real about you?
Do you even speak Latin?
Which means? Wait. What?
What did you just say?
It means you can either drive yourself
home or I can have you collected.
You're good!
Jarvis, could you kindly
Vac-U-Form a digital wire frame?
I need a manipulatable
projection.
1974 Stark Expo model
scan complete, sir.
How many buildings are there?
Am I to include the
Belgian waffle stands?
That was rhetorical.
Just show me.
Uh-huh. Um...
What does that look like to you, Jarvis?
Not unlike an atom.
In which case the
nucleus would be here.
Highlight the unisphere.
Lose the footpaths.
Get rid of them.
What is it you're
trying to achieve, sir?
I'm discovering... Correction.
I'm rediscovering a
new element, I believe.
Lose the landscaping,
the shrubbery, the trees.
Parking lots, exits, entrances.
Structure the protons and the neutrons
using the pavilions as a framework.
Dad.
Dead for almost 20 years,
and still taking me to school.
The proposed element should serve
as a viable replacement for palladium.
Thanks, Dad.
Unfortunately, it is
impossible to synthesize.
Uh-huh.
Get ready for a major remodel, fellas!
We're back in hardware mode.
Initializing prismatic
accelerator.
Approaching maximum power.
Whoops!
That was easy.
Congratulations, sir.
You have created a new element.
Sir, the reactor has
accepted the modified core.
I will begin
running diagnostics.
Hey, Ivan.
I got Senator Stern here.
Thought we'd swing over and
look at some of the drone designs.
The drone is not
going to be ready.
Not ready? What do you mean?
I can make presentation,
not demonstration.
What the hell is the difference?
Presentation.
No fly. No shoot.
Well, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
What can you make them do?
I mean, this is a weapons demonstration.
I can make salute.
You can make salute?
What do you mean, "make salute"?
What the hell does
that mean, Ivan?
This is not what
we agreed to, okay?
You promised me suits and
then you promised me drones.
Hey, man, everything
will be okay.
This is not what I wanted.
Arrogance may not be a
uniquely American trait,
but I must say, you do
it better than anyone.
But there are limits
to what even you
can do, Captain.
Or did Erskine
tell you otherwise?
He told me you were insane.
Ah.
He resented my genius
and tried to deny me
what was rightfully mine.
But he gave you everything.
So,
what made you so special?
Nothing.
I'm just a kid from Brooklyn.
I can do this all day.
Of course you can, of course.
But, unfortunately, I
am on a tight schedule.
So am I.
Rogers!
You might need this!
Thanks!
We're in!
Assault team, go!
Move out!
Move!
Keep your spacing!
Cut off one head,
two more shall...
Let's go find two more!
You're late.
- Weren't you about to...
- Right.
Get in!
- Keep it steady!
- Wait!
Go get him.
I'm not kissing you!
- You don't give up, do you?
- Nope!
You could have the
power of the gods!
Yet you wear a
flag on your chest
and think you fight
a battle of nations!
I have seen the future, Captain!
- There are no flags!
- Not my future!
What have you done?
No!
Come in. This is Captain Rogers.
Do you read me?
Captain Rogers, what is your...
Steve, is that you?
Are you all right?
Peggy, Schmidt's dead!
What about the plane?
That's a little bit
tougher to explain.
Give me your coordinates.
I'll find you a safe landing site.
There's not gonna
be a safe landing.
But I can try and force it down.
I'll get Howard on the line.
He'll know what to do.
There's not enough time.
This thing's moving too fast
and it's heading for New York.
I got to put her in the water.
Please, don't do this.
We have time. We can work it out.
Right now I'm in the
middle of nowhere.
If I wait any longer, a lot
of people are gonna die.
Peggy,
this is my choice.
Peggy?
I'm here.
I'm gonna need a rain
check on that dance.
All right.
A week, next Saturday,
at the Stork Club.
You got it.
8:00 on the dot.
Don't you dare be late. Understood?
You know, I still don't
know how to dance.
I'll show you how.
Just be there.
We'll have the band
play something slow.
I'd hate to step on your...
Steve?
To the Captain.
Sir?
Take us to the next grid point.
But there's no
trace of wreckage.
And the energy
signature stops here.
Just keep looking.
♪ We'll meet again
♪ Don't know where,
Don't know when
♪ But I know
we'll meet again
♪ Some sunny day
♪ We'll meet again
♪ Don't know where,
Don't know when
♪ But I know
we'll meet again
♪ Some sunny day